Welcome to Workbook 2.7.
I already went ahead and launched the Starter Project.
Task one is inside the Handler method.
Before we return the leaf template.
Add our name as a model attribute.
So we'll say model dot add attribute and a name key will map to our name.
Second step is to create a paragraph element with a bold font weight that displays our name.
So right here we can create a paragraph element.
And the text that our paragraph element will display will be based on a type of expression, a variable
expression, to be more specific, that grabs our name.
And we want to give this paragraph tag a certain style of bold.
Copy that.
Over.
Simple enough.
And Task three is to create an unordered list with five list items so that each list item will display
the name inside the model.
If you go to our HTML cheat sheet, we'll look for unordered list.
Here we go and unordered list is specified by UL and list items are specified by ally.
So here we can create an unordered list.
That contains many list items.
All right.
Going back to Workbook 2.7.
And each list item is going to display our name.
So each list item will display text that is based on a timely expression.
And the text that it will display will be the name that we grab through a variable expression.
All right.
Let's run our code.
Go to local host 8080.
We're looking good so far.
Next step is we need to apply a utility method such that each list item displays one more letter than
the previous.
So we'll go to our life repo and we'll find a utility method that can return a substring by operating
on our string model attribute name.
And I'm familiar enough with Java to know that this method is going to be called substring.
Here we see the method in the first parameter we can pass in our model attribute.
Then it's going to return a string that starts at a particular index and ends at a particular index.
All right, so back into our workbook.
Followed by a pound sign.
Where are we going to grab this utility method from?
This utility method belongs to the strings class.
So we'll say strings.
The utility method that we want to use is called substring, dot substring.
The first thing you have to pass in is your model attribute name.
The second thing you have to pass in is the start index.
So we're going to start with the character at Index zero are in this case and the stop index, if this
is just like the substring java expression should be exclusive.
So if we say 0 to 1, it's only going to grab the character at index zero.
All right, you know what?
Let's just copy this over instead.
And now this method will return a substring that starts at index zero and ends at index two.
So it's going to grab our A and once we get to index to why it's not going to grab that because the
stop index is exclusive.
So we'll say 0102030405.
And that should be enough because the letter end would be at index four and then index five is where
it stops.
So we should be good.
I'll refresh.
And we get the results.
That's it for Workbook 2.7.
I'll see you in the next one.